Just do as my father says.
Be careful.
Okay.
Brother.
Wu Zhen and Eagle...
Although we've talked about marriage in front of others,
but there's no real name.
Everyone knows that
it's just a temporary way to deal with Golden tooth.
But now,
I'm afraid it's hard to convince
I'm afraid it's hard to convince the public.
You have a choice. I...
I'm lucky sometimes.
I didn’t expect
the old leader would leave this position to me.
That's different.
You were able to
on Black Tiger Mountain.
has surpassed
has exceeded the total of other villages.
By the way,
everyone knows
the leader of Black Tiger Mountain
are the future chief.
But now that Zhenshan Liang just died,
you gave him your position.
There might be trouble.
I used to think
100,000 swordsmen worked together to fight the Japanese and save the country.
But Golden tooth made me realize
That's impossible.
So I want to see
who likes to cause trouble.
Brother.
But if something happens in the future,
Wu Zhen is young.
at such a young age?
He used to be afraid of wolves and tigers.
That's because he was not a swordsman.
Now we're all here.
Plus the soldiers left by the mountain of Heihu Mountain.
If we can't solve this problem,
I think I was blind.
When we get to Black Tiger Mountain,
you immediately rebuild all the dark passages.
You trust me.
Why not?
Is it because Madam asked me to help you?
You’re wrong.
I asked Madam for you.
Don’t you feel bored in the room alone?
No.
I'm very quiet.
But you...
You came here like a lunatic.
Min Ja.
She's crazy.
Why are you running so fast?
I couldn't catch up.
It's like burning my butt.
Mother, you walked slowly.
How dare you!
Min Ja, today...
She asked me to teach her how to cut paper today.
I feel so bored
when I think about you.
Let's cut it together
Cut and chat
so that you won't feel lonely.
Here, which one do you like?
Let's cut whatever you like today.
I know.
You like this.
I think
This is good
Min Ja I'll learn this
This is so beautiful
Don't you always like
a powerful tiger?
When did you start to like mandarin ducks?
You can have the tiger.
I think this is good.
Look at Eagle.
This is more like a girl.
Unlike you.
You're always like a crazy girl.
Mother, you always dislike me.
Am I your biological son?
No.
Look, I tell you
Actually, Min Ja lived with me.
You picked it up
Mother, are you...
How have you been?
I didn’t expect
you would be chosen by the Patriarch.
Master Liu, Madam has ordered
to return to Luoying Qingfeng Camp immediately.
I know.
But I have to
before I leave.
Please go ahead.
I've been a swordsman for more than ten years.
I've always been loyal.
I failed to kill my enemy for Zhen San.
I can't
about this.
This chair is worthless.
But
the lives of the brothers of Black Tiger Mountain.
I told you.
whoever can find the mastermind behind Golden tooth,
I, Wu Qiusheng, will support whoever can sit on this chair.
Since I've said it,
I’ll tell you the truth.
Madam asked me here
to find the real murderer.
Within three months,
If I can't find it,
I'll return this chair
I'll return it.
Okay.
Deal.
Please.
Master.
Are you really going to stay in this room?
What's wrong?
Master Zhen just left.
Many people dare not pass by.
What a joke.
With the dignity of the head,
even if he turns into a vengeful ghost,
he won't harm his own brother.
Leader is right.
We thought too much.
Get back to work.
Yes.
Under the bedside of Zhenshan Liang,
under the bed of Zhen Shanliang.
There's half a sheep skin.
The first thing you do there
is to keep the sheep skin well.
Don't let others take it.
The thing in this box is for outsiders.
The four legs of the box.
If you look closely,
one of your legs is thicker.
It's in that leg.
Brigade Commander.
What's going on today?
Report, everything is normal.
But when the city gate was closing,
Mr. He said he was moving.
Three or four big cars went out.
Did you check?
Yes, sir.
They are all furniture and soft.
And two guns.
They said it was for self-defense.
We didn't detain them.
We'll move at night.
Brigade Commander, do you want me to look for it?
You moved so late because you didn't want us to see you.
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Go visit him.
Yes, let's go.
Who is it? It's so late.
Can't we talk tomorrow?
Youxi independent Brigade Commander.
I have something to discuss with you.
Open the door.
Yes.
Brigade Commander Cui, it's so late.
Why are you here?
Is Mr. He asleep?
I need to talk to him.
The county magistrate is... Brigade Commander Cui.
Who are you?
Hello, Brigade Commander Cui. I'm He Zheng.
This is the only son of our county magistrate.
Brigade Commander Cui.
My father is not here today.
Tell me if you need anything.
I'll tell him.
It's okay.
I wanted to have a cup of tea with him.
Since he's not home,
I'll get going.
Take care.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Here's your tea.
If you don't mind,
I can make you a pot.
Okay.
I'm free anyway.
Brigade Commander Cui, please.
Go get some tea.
Yes.
Brigade Commander Cui, please.
You can leave now.
Yes.
Brigade Commander Cui, you can tell me anything.
You're quite knowledgeable.
Who taught you that?
My husband's surname is Wu, Wu Jingyuan.
Mr. Wu is your teacher.
No wonder.
I know.
Before he passed away,
before he died.
you are different from other National Party.
Mr. Wu told you about me.
What a pity.
Do you need money?
What did you say?
What do you mean?
I'll give you money.
Find someone for me.
Who are you looking for?
Help me find someone called...
Wu Zhen.
What a coincidence. I do know
you mentioned.
But you have to tell me
why you are looking for him.
Just tell me how much you want.
It's free to make friends with you.
Thank you.
Min Ja.
Eagle, why are you up?
Where is Baoni?
She is sleeping in my room.
I didn't wake her up.
You haven't recovered yet.
Stop walking around.
You need to lie down more.
I'm much better.
I didn't hurt my bone. Look.
All right.
Seriously
What are you doing
Pack up
These
are the things
of my uncle.
I write and calculate every day.
I don't know what it is.
My father told me.
our 18 swordsmen
every month
was calculated by my uncle
by my uncle.
Otherwise, we can't support so many people.
How can a man
How could you?
Your Uncle He is not like your father.
Look how powerful your father is.
Right?
Come and sit for a while
Min Ja have a seat
Min Ja
You haven't told me
how you met my uncle.
I heard a story.
Thank you, Min Ja.
It was 20 or 30 years ago
At that time,
the former leader.
Back then,
was not as rule as it is now.
At that time, the legal executive
was 20 years older than me.
I'm quite old anyway.
And you can read less than me.
One day,
the legal executive carried a bag of rice
and went to propose marriage.
Propose?
In fact, he's just using a knife to block the door and ask for her.
So domineering.
What should we do?
What can I do?
I was so scared that I cried.
I had no choice.
My father went to Black Tiger Mountain
and asked for help,
But it'll only take two or three days.
There’s nothing we can do now.
Your father went with Mr. He.
He was fighting with the teacher's men.
Seeing your father winning,
The teacher turned around and took out a gun
to attack your father.
Then?
Then Mr. He saw it.
Mr. He was holding a knife
with a knife.
Don't move.
He's not a vegetarian.
He shot Mr. He at the back.
My uncle must be hurt.
Nothing serious.
Your father reacted quickly.
He shot off his gun.
and saved Mr. He.
I didn’t expect
My uncle was so brave.
I didn't expect
he would be brave once in his life.
But only once
to marry you.
It’s not that simple.
Back then,
asked Mr. He to apologize.
Your father asked Mr. He
in front of everyone.
I knew it.
how could Mr. He come up with this idea?
He used it himself?
That's true.
Then...
Do you regret it?
I...
Say, do you regret it?
Min Ja I'm hungry
What shall we eat today
Stop laughing, Min Ja.
Why are you here
Why are you here?
Master Shui is a straightforward person.
We don’t dare to beat around the bush.
Just say it.
Master.
We found the man
We found him.
Who is it?
Liu.
Cut the crap. Who is it?
Li Gang.
Yes.
This person did all the bad things.
But what evidence do you have?
Li Gang is the mastermind behind Jintooth?
The evidence was solid.
But when I rushed there,
my men hit him too hard.
and killed him by accident.
Dead?
Since he's already dead,
you can say whatever you want.
Besides, your relationship
and Golden tooth.
How would I know?
Are you trying to sow discord between us?
To be honest,
we and the Great Golden tooth
were left by the old chief.
We are kind of affectionate.
We want to catch the real murderer
because we don't want to ruin my brother's reputation
because of Jintooth.
Stop talking nonsense.
Where is the evidence?
We don't have the evidence.
Where is it?
The evidence is with Brigade Commander Cui.
You look familiar.
You have good taste.
On the birthday of the boss,
I was there too.
I'm Jeongwon.
Nice to meet you.
Are you the arms dealer?
Yes, I am.
What does he have to do with Golden tooth?
This one.
So pretty.
I learned it too.
Illusion.
I checked last night.
Within two or three days,
in just two or three days.
in Heihu Mountain.
According to Leader’s order,
we wanted to catch them.
Except the one who ran away.
We caught the remaining three,
but he committed suicide after taking poison.
Where is the body?
They're all over there for now.
Let's go and have a look.
He was indeed poisoned.
In this case,
these people are probably Japanese.
Cui Wenkui and Li Gang.
One pretended to be white and the other pretended to be red.
Li Gang is in charge of provoking Golden tooth to rebel.
And Cui Wenkui took this opportunity
to help Madam get rid of the traitor
and connect with them.
This is the arms Li Gang promised him
to instigate Golden tooth to rebel.
But I didn’t expect
he was sold off by Cui Wenkui.
Since Big Jaws and Li Gang are dead,
there is no evidence.
I can't trust you
I can’t trust you.
You don't have to trust me.
Cui Wenkui is trying to get Black Tiger Mountain.
Once he occupies Black Tiger Mountain,
you'll believe it.
Then why did you tell us this?
When Li was alive,
I didn't dare to deal with you swordsmen
because he knew he wasn't good enough.
But Choi Moon-Kui
is no match for Li Gang.
When he's strong enough,
I'm afraid you swordsmen
have no way out.
Liu, I think
tell my brother about this.
I also heard that
the Sixth Master
to be the Patriarch of Black Tiger Mountain.
I didn't expect a mysterious boy
by an unknown kid.
If I'm not mistaken,
Li Gang’s body
was given to him by Choi Moon-Kui.
That's why I let him sit tight.
the leader of Black Tiger Mountain.
This is an internal matter of us swordsmen.
It has nothing to do with an outsider like you.
Don't get me wrong.
I don’t mean anything else.
I just want to advise you
to distinguish right from wrong
in case you fall into their trap.
Goodbye.
See you.
Who took over the position of Black Tiger Mountain?
It's Wu Zhen.
If he follows my rules,
I won't say anything.
But if he really
with Cui Wenkui,
We have to deal with this.
Yes.
Take care, Master.
Behave yourselves.
Liu.
So,
you must
as soon as possible.
Yes.
Why are you here?
Something is wrong with the situation.
That's why I'm here.
You have your own business.
But you came at the right time.
There's a war.
The Japanese sent two brigades
from three directions to Shaanxi.
The 13 armies are organizing forces
to garrison along Xinan and Yiyang.
Thirteen armies?
That can be considered a military.
It's not much better than Li Gang.
Don't tell me that.
I need manpower to protect the airport.
You don't even have enough manpower
in the Organization Brigade.
And they are all recruits.
How do we fight?
How about
discuss it with Leader
and ask him for help.
I can help you.
But where are the guns and bullets?
Yes.
We can fight.
But you have to know that
I won't let all swordsmen
with a big knife.
Holding a gun without bullets
to fight the Japanese.
That’s not risking your life. It’s death.
Yuxi Knife has many customers,
but most of them are more than the bullets in the hands of the Japanese.
Tell me if you're afraid of death.
I'm afraid of death.
I'm afraid that 100,000 swordsmen in Yuxi
will be worthless.
Don’t worry about the munitions.
I’ll handle it.
You'd better hurry.
I'm in charge of Black Tiger Mountain now. There are tens of thousands of people.
I can fight anytime.
But you have to be clear.
Like I said,
There's no gun.
I won't let so many people block bullets.
You're in charge of Black Tiger Mountain now.
Leader just gave him the Black Tiger Mountain.
I have a suggestion.
Go ahead.
You two go out first.
Yes.
Go ahead.
We both know that
It's only a matter of time
Devastation is a matter of time.
You can arrange men on the way to retreat.
When you see someone, step down.
to your team.
We think of the same thing.
What about those who didn't follow the road?
Those who didn't follow the road
go wherever you want.
I can arrange men on Douka Road.
I don't want those weapons.
But I have to keep the guns in their hands.
Don't think about the gun.
I can't explain this to the higher-ups.
If you lose the airport,
you won't be able to report it.
Bao.
At this time,
let's not make a fuss here.
You said it's a bamboo bar.
If you don't knock now, when will you knock?
Didn't you Communist Party say
to fight against Japan together?
Yes.
I brought the gun here to beat the devil.
You're taking advantage of me.
I'm helping you out in the snow.
and help you save the world.
Don't think I can't convince you
I can't convince you.
Say it or not. Say it.
Fine.
If a deserter really passes by,
you can keep the gun.
But there's one thing.
People from Black Tiger Mountain
should be in the battle sequence of our army.
Listen to me.
I said you're shameless.
There are nearly 10,000 people in Black Tiger Mountain.
At least one master
into Youxi independent Brigade.
Nonsense.
You don't want to listen?
I'll get someone to arrest you.
I'm telling you.
let alone the Black Tiger Mountain,
even the entire Qinglong Fortress
will listen to our army.
You'd better catch me.
Let me tell you, Choi Moon-Kui.
My men are patrolling
around the airport.
We caught three Japanese spies in the past two days.
You'd better
arrest me now.
Where is the Japanese spy?
They're all dead.
There are so many spies around the airport.
What does that mean?
Their first target
should not be Wuhan,
or Chongqing.
but here.
Master Shui. Master Liu.
Our boss did go out.
Did he say where he went?
Not really.
But he'll be back before dark.
Okay, let's wait here.
Okay.
Is there anyone left
Is there anyone else?
Some.
Get some for me. Let me ask.
This...
What is this?
My words don’t work now.
Master Shui, wait a moment. I’ll call
Tiger, Doggie, come here.
Master Shui has something to say.
Master Shui. Master Liu.
You are the people left by Great Jintooth.
Yes.
After Golden tooth took the Black Tiger Mountain,
who else came here?
The golden tooth took the Black Tiger Mountain
and killed Master Zhen San.
Then the mountain was closed.
There are only one or two strangers
They often walk around.
No one else has seen him.
What's his connection with Li from the security group?
No.
But in the end,
I did mention Li Gang.
What did they say?
They said he cooperated with the security group.
I don't know anything else.
All right, you can leave now.
Yes. Let’s go.
Mr. Liu. Mr. Shui.
Mr. Tian, we didn’t understand
your arrangement today.
The royal army is coming.
Cui Wenkui must not have enough soldiers.
The first thing he thought of
is to borrow troops from the swordsman.
Although Shangguan Bao fought the Japanese,
he has a bad impression of the army.
According to Master Sun,
there’s only one variable.
Wu Zhen, the new head of Black Tiger Mountain.
Everyone knows
the marriage between Wu Zhen and Shangguan Ying
Wu Zhen and Shangguan Ying's marriage was fake.
But the position of Black Tiger Mountain
the position of Black Tiger Mountain.
This means there must be something wrong.
Send someone
to transport Li Gang's body to Black Tiger Mountain.
Then,
we can watch them turn against each other.
I won't rub it anymore.
Look.
What is this?
You...
Mom told me to drink it and add water
Add noodles if it's wet
I...
What should I do?
Massage the dough.
Be patient.
Silly girl.
You need to use your strength evenly.
The noodles will taste better when kneaded.
It's chewy.
You don't even have this patience
Speaking of which, kneading dough
is the same as being a human.
Mother.
The noodles are dead and the people are alive.
How can it be the same?
Of course.
Think about our world.
People who can survive
are people who have been hit.
We've been through happiness and hardships
in life.
Am I right? Yes.
Silly girl, think about it.
right?
Mother, you said it.
I don't understand.
I can't do this anymore. Let's go.
Stinky girl.
Eagle.
I'm teaching you how to knead dough today.
We can't live without food.
One more thing.
I just want to tell you
to treat men with the strength of kneading dough.
Men
is like kneading dough.
Dry it and add water. Add noodles if it's wet.
You need to know your place.
Okay?
Min Ja why are you saying this all of a sudden
Since you're here
Come in and sit.
When did you become
so cautious?
There are indeed a few things
to tell you.
Go ahead.
One is your box of gold.
There are indeed a lot.
But no matter how much gold
we won't have enough gold.
I know.
Don't worry about that.
Also,
And that Wu Zhen.
It was my fault
I came up with this idea.
I told you two days ago
there are a lot of gossip among our men.
But you brought him to Black Tiger Mountain
to be the head.
In this way,
it's not just the brothers.
Everyone has a lot of words.
It's nothing.
They'll know in a few days.
Wu Zhen is the most suitable candidate for Black Tiger Mountain.
I know you must have a solution.
But in the current situation,
we don't know when the war will start.
If we are not united,
we'll be 100,000 swordsmen.
However,
it won't be that much.
You just calculate too much in your room.
You only know how to calculate.
Let me ask you.
If you beat the Japanese,
do you think the Republican Party will win
or the Communist Party?
Why are you suddenly asking this?
Answer me first.
It seems that the army is stronger.
I don't think so.
Although the army has good weapons,
but they have evil intentions.
To put it bluntly,
not like Communist Party.
are fighting for the people.
Brother, I'm confused.
Aren't we talking about the head of Black Tiger Mountain?
Now the Japanese
of our country.
We're almost at our door.
We're still fighting over the mountain.
We call ourselves swordsmen.
The invasion is irreconcilable.
In my opinion,
the most important thing now
Get rid of these invaders.
I can't do it with 100,000 swordsmen alone.
So I think...
So you want to
lead the swordsmen to join the Communist Party?
Give Wu Zhen a chance
to fight a war.
to show his authority.
If you're convinced, follow him.
Those who refuse will not dare to make trouble again.
Boss.
Master Xi.
Brigade Commander Cui sent something
I just came back from him.
He didn't say he would give us anything.
Take a look.
Li Gang.
This is obviously not from Brigade Commander Cui.
When did it come?
About three hours.
Take him back to Black Tiger Mountain first.
Yes.
Master of Water Village, Master Wu Liu.
I went to the county for something.
I'm late.
You went to the county?
Yes.
Go find Choi Moon-Kui.
Then you must have seen Li Gang.
Yes, I did.
But it's a corpse.
How did you know?
Wu Zhen.
I didn't expect you
to betray me.
Masters,
There must be some misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
You colluded with Cui Wenkui
to instigate Li Gang to sow discord
and hurt Liang.
Today, you killed Li Gang with Cui Wenkui.
You just want to buy my brother’s.
so that you can sit
the leader of Black Tiger Mountain?
Trying to trick us?
I'll avenge Liang today.
Masters,
Who told you that?
Cut the crap.
Tie yourself up.
Let’s go to Qinglong Fortress
and explain it to Leader.
Madam asked me here
to do something more important.
After I finish,
I’ll go to Qinglong Camp with you.
Are you scared?
I'm not afraid.
I really have something important to do.
I'm going to offend you two.
Guards!
What do you want?
Remove them.
I'll look at them first.
Remember, serve her well.
Don't slack off.
Sorry.
Masters.
Please.
You've got guts.
Actor watch.
and actors.
Su Tianhui Yang Wanlin Zhao Dongliang Chen Yile Wang Lusheng
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Sheng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang.
to perform.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin, KUN.
Shou, Chen Yao, jungle competition.
Qin HaoSen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Lianglin.
Wu Jinxing, Feng Yonghao, Wei, Long, Deng Baoquan.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing.
Li Zhendong, Chi, Rui, Yang Junjie. [Choi Yonseok]
Staff Form.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Zhang Jiqun.
Photography team.
Sun Yongqing.
Ding Weihao.
Wang Peng.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Wang Jin-sung.
Team B Costume Assistant Li Jinli Feng Xiaohui
The dressing team.
Art team.
Lei.
Props team.
Ye Youth.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
Gunman Sun Hai
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Jiang...
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Rong Xi.
Su Gao Feng Liu De Yu Zhai Yongming Zou Youwei
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang, Chang.
Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li. Zhang Changchang.
Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fu Min
Cut. Cut.
Wu Xiaobo.
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Late production]
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber
Music production.
Tang Tiantian.
Theme song, Hero.
Data Management Chen Chenyue
Wang Chenyang.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
Shanzhou District Public Government
Shanzhou District Civil Government
[Civil Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District]
[Jangok Association, Shanzhou District]
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Pit Scene.
[Villager Committee]
The West Car Villager Committee of Lingbao City
The original store town of Shanzhou.
Jiangzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
The People's Government of Sanmen City
There are three Municipal Commission in total.
The People's Government
There are three branches in total.
The PR Department of Municipal Committee
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong Municipal County Commission.
Henan Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of Laji County.
Sanmen Hua City Swan Lake Wetland Park.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
"Learning to strengthen the country". Learning platform.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Jiangjiang Dongyang Mai Jiang Culture Co., Ltd.
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Commission.
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.